[TWiki](/twiki/Main/WebHome)&gt;![](/twiki/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/web-bg-small.gif)Â [LibrePlan Web](/twiki/LibrePlan/WebHome)&gt;[Meetings](/twiki/LibrePlan/Meetings)&gt;[MinuteS20110613](http://wiki.libreplan-enterprise.com/twiki/LibrePlan/MinuteS20110613 "Topic revision: 3 (20 Aug 2012 - 09:52:56)") (20 Aug 2012, [ManuelRego](/twiki/Main/ManuelRego))[Edit](http://wiki.libreplan-enterprise.com/twiki/bin/edit/LibrePlan/MinuteS20110613?t=1520337954 "Edit this topic text")[Attach](/twiki/bin/attach/LibrePlan/MinuteS20110613 "Attach an image or document to this topic")

 LibrePlan Meeting 2011/06/13
============================================================================================================================

-   Date: [June 13, 2011 at 16:00 CEST (GMT +2)](http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?day=13&month=6&year=2011&hour=16&min=0&sec=0&p1=48)
-   Goal: General coordination meeting
-   Agenda: [Agenda](https://sourceforge.net/mailarchive/forum.php?thread_name=1307443691.2253.29.camel%40orion&forum_name=navalplan-devel)
-   Log: `navalplan-roadmap-meeting-20110613.txt`

 Minutes
----------------------------------

-   (1) Periodic coordination meeting proposal
    -   Seems like a good idea
    -   They will have a defined structure
    -   We're going to arrange these meetings every 2 weeks with a maximum duration of 1 hour
    -   Default date and time would be on Mondays at 12:00 Central Europe time
-   (2) One iteration per release
    -   Agreed to reduce the number of iterations
    -   One iteration every 3 months (as we have now defined the release period) seems a good approach
    -   Number of stories per iteration shouldn't be a problem
    -   We'll start next week with one iteration till September
-   (3) Encourage developers to write comments
    -   Thanks to have one iteration per release it seems easier to have all comments about one task together
    -   People should try to write more comments about what they're doing every day or week
    -   About source code comments, code is not properly documented now
    -   Include more comments in some cases seems like a good idea
    -   Current agreement is to have at least a comment per class explaining what it does. However, we're even having problems to fulfil this agreement
    -   We should improve comments in classes explaining more things and try to use meaningful method names
-   (4) Analysis stories
    -   Everything seems to be working fine the analysis part
    -   We should keep doing analysis to have the information about task requirements and so on
-   (5) Regressions
    -   We have been debating about if it's needed or not to do some code review in order to avoid regressions
    -   We're not sure if it's worth
    -   We're going to try to test some tools that could help this process (like gerrit, gitorious, ...) and define a protocol to decide if we see it accurate for our needs
-   Next Monday, the 20th we will start the periodic coordination meetings as agreed in first point

