[TWiki](/twiki/Main/WebHome)&gt;![](/twiki/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/web-bg-small.gif) [LibrePlan Web](/twiki/LibrePlan/WebHome)&gt;[Meetings](/twiki/LibrePlan/Meetings)&gt;[MinuteS20110912](http://wiki.libreplan-enterprise.com/twiki/LibrePlan/MinuteS20110912 "Topic revision: 2 (20 Aug 2012 - 09:52:57)") (20 Aug 2012, [ManuelRego](/twiki/Main/ManuelRego))[Edit](http://wiki.libreplan-enterprise.com/twiki/bin/edit/LibrePlan/MinuteS20110912?t=1520337956 "Edit this topic text")[Attach](/twiki/bin/attach/LibrePlan/MinuteS20110912 "Attach an image or document to this topic")

 LibrePlan Meeting 2011/09/12
============================================================================================================================

-   Date: [September 12, 2011 at 12:00 CEST (GMT +2)](http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?day=12&month=9&year=2011&hour=12&min=0&sec=0&p1=48)
-   Agenda: Coordination meeting
-   Log: `navalplan-coordination-meeting-20110912.txt`

 Minutes
----------------------------------

-   Rego
    -   ![done.gif](/twiki/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/done.gif)
        -   Worked in [ItEr75S23FixAllocationModel](/twiki/LibrePlan/ItEr75S23FixAllocationModel): currently working in 3rd task (2 first are done). Doubts to check with Javichan about fields to be disabled or not in resource allocation pop-up
        -   Fixing several bugs: \#1171, \#1153, \#1152, \#1144, \#1142, \#1137, \#1131, \#1125, \#1123
        -   Help Nacho Díaz with [ItEr75S22WortReportsEffortDuration](/twiki/LibrePlan/ItEr75S22WortReportsEffortDuration). Currently merged in master
        -   Uploaded Russian translation by Pavel
    -   ![todo.gif](/twiki/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/todo.gif)
        -   Finish [ItEr75S23FixAllocationModel](/twiki/LibrePlan/ItEr75S23FixAllocationModel)
        -   General patch review
        -   Holidays on 14, 15 and 16
-   Nacho Díaz
    -   ![done.gif](/twiki/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/done.gif)
        -   Finished [ItEr75S22WortReportsEffortDuration](/twiki/LibrePlan/ItEr75S22WortReportsEffortDuration)
    -   ![todo.gif](/twiki/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/todo.gif)
        -   Fix assigned bugs
        -   Review issue with EffortDuration format in reports
        -   Check import/export EffortDuration in work reports
-   Pablo
    -   ![done.gif](/twiki/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/done.gif)
        -   Functional test for resources, account and administration
        -   Reported some bugs
    -   ![todo.gif](/twiki/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/todo.gif)
        -   Keep doing some functional tests
-   Óscar
    -   ![done.gif](/twiki/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/done.gif)
        -   Working in the merging planning state task following the approach with less impact
        -   Fixed bug \#1170
    -   ![todo.gif](/twiki/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/todo.gif)
        -   Plan to finish the planning state task this week
-   Nacho Barrientos
    -   ![done.gif](/twiki/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/done.gif)
        -   Migrating services to \*.libreplan.org
    -   ![todo.gif](/twiki/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/todo.gif)
        -   Pending migrate wiki and sonar
        -   Nightly builds in unstable.libreplan.org
-   Loren
    -   ![done.gif](/twiki/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/done.gif)
        -   Working in the new website
        -   Most of ZK5 issues are fixed: limiting resources JavaScript problem is fixed
    -   ![todo.gif](/twiki/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/todo.gif)
        -   Keep working in the new website
        -   Review work needed to remove ZKEE dependency and change to ZKCE
-   Jacobo
    -   ![done.gif](/twiki/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/done.gif)
        -   Without time these weeks
    -   ![todo.gif](/twiki/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/todo.gif)
        -   Help to Loren with ZK5 and JavaScript issues
-   Javichan
    -   ![done.gif](/twiki/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/done.gif)
        -   Holidays
    -   ![todo.gif](/twiki/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/todo.gif)
        -   Testing, analysis, website contents, ...
-   Other issues discussed in the meeting:
    -   We're delayed, and it seems not feasible think in September for LibrePlan 1.2
    -   We're going to review how to remove dependency with ZKEE to check if it's possible to fix it before the release
    -   In the following coordination meeting, we'll review the current situation and propose a new deadline and features for 1.2

