[TWiki](Main_WebHome)&gt;![](/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/web-bg-small.gif) [LibrePlan Web](LibrePlan_WebHome)&gt;[Meetings](LibrePlan_Meetings)&gt;[MinuteS20111024](LibrePlan_MinuteS20111024 "Topic revision: 5 (20 Aug 2012 - 09:52:58)") (20 Aug 2012, [ManuelRego](Main_ManuelRego))[Edit](LibrePlan_MinuteS20111024?t=1520343715 "Edit this topic text")[Attach](/twiki/bin/attach/LibrePlan/MinuteS20111024 "Attach an image or document to this topic")  

 LibrePlan Meeting 2011/10/24
=============================

-   Date: [October 24, 2011 at 12:00 CEST (GMT +2)](http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?day=24&month=10&year=2011&hour=12&min=0&sec=0&p1=48)
-   Agenda: Coordination meeting
-   Log: `navalplan-coordination-meeting-20111024.txt`

 Minutes
--------

-   Nacho Díaz
    -   ![done.gif](/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/done.gif)
        -   w41 on holidays
        -   Fixed bug: \#1219
    -   ![todo.gif](/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/todo.gif)
        -   Keep fixing issues for release 1.2
-   Rego
    -   ![done.gif](/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/done.gif)
        -   Working in several issues and bugs for release 1.2
        -   List of fixed bugs: \#1204, \#1187, \#1205, \#1218, \#1216, \#1217, \#1214
        -   Working in bug \#1227
    -   ![todo.gif](/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/todo.gif)
        -   Keep fixing issues for release 1.2
-   Loren
    -   ![done.gif](/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/done.gif)
        -   General bugfixing
        -   Moving save/cancel buttons to a generic place in perspectives (there're some issues there, as save button is not the same in WBS and Gantt)
        -   Waiting for some design issues for the website
    -   ![todo.gif](/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/todo.gif)
        -   Keep fixing issues for release 1.2
        -   Fix last issues in website
-   Javichan
    -   ![done.gif](/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/done.gif)
        -   Review website contents
        -   Analyzed 2 tasks that are not going to be part of 1.2:
            -   KPI and metrics for projects that will be done by Nacho Barrientos: [AnA14S01PerProjectDashboard](LibrePlan_AnA14S01PerProjectDashboard)
            -   Improve the subcontracting system that will be done by Susana: [AnA15S01CustomerIncommingCommunicationsLists](LibrePlan_AnA15S01CustomerIncommingCommunicationsLists)
        -   Testing and bug report
    -   ![todo.gif](/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/todo.gif)
        -   Keep working in current tasks
        -   Test application for release 1.2
-   Jacobo (not attending the meeting)
    -   ![done.gif](/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/done.gif)
        -   Bugfixing for release 1.2
        -   Working in a free alternative for master-detail component. Almost ready.
    -   ![todo.gif](/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/todo.gif)
        -   Finish pending issues in master-detail component
        -   Keep fixing issues for release 1.2
-   Nacho Barrientos
    -   ![done.gif](/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/done.gif)
        -   Fixed i18n issue
        -   Analyzed master-detail component to provide a free alternative
        -   Take a look to some client-side graphing libraries in order to check the possibility to introduce them in LibrePlan
    -   ![todo.gif](/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/todo.gif)
        -   Start the task analyzed by Javichan about KPI and metrics for projects. The agreement is use JFreeChart for the moment, and if we have time explore the possibility to change to a more modern library
-   Susana
    -   ![todo.gif](/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/todo.gif)
        -   Start the task about improving subcontracting system
-   When we finish the current open issues and the replacement of master-detail is done we should start the freeze process in order to release 1.2. The estimation now would be the middle of November for the new version.
-   We don't have a clear agreement about releasing or not an alpha version before the good one.
