[TWiki](/twiki/Main/WebHome)&gt;![](/twiki/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/web-bg-small.gif)Â [LibrePlan Web](/twiki/LibrePlan/WebHome)&gt;[Meetings](/twiki/LibrePlan/Meetings)&gt;[MinuteS20111213](http://wiki.libreplan-enterprise.com/twiki/LibrePlan/MinuteS20111213 "Topic revision: 1 (15 Dec 2011 - 14:57:12)") (15 Dec 2011, [ManuelRego](/twiki/Main/ManuelRego))[Edit](http://wiki.libreplan-enterprise.com/twiki/bin/edit/LibrePlan/MinuteS20111213?t=1520337958 "Edit this topic text")[Attach](/twiki/bin/attach/LibrePlan/MinuteS20111213 "Attach an image or document to this topic")

 LibrePlan Meeting 2011/12/13
============================================================================================================================

-   Date: [December 13, 2011 at 16:30 CET (GMT +1)](http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?day=13&month=12&year=2011&hour=16&min=30&sec=0&p1=48)
-   Agenda: Coordination meeting
-   Log: `libreplan-coordination-meeting-20111213.txt`

 Minutes
----------------------------------

-   Rego
    -   ![done.gif](/twiki/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/done.gif)
        -   Fixed some bugs: \#1277 and \#1278
        -   Release of LibrePlan 1.2
        -   Holidays on week 49
        -   Added LibrePlan translation files to <https://www.transifex.net/projects/p/libreplan/>
    -   ![todo.gif](/twiki/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/todo.gif)
        -   General patch review
        -   Bugfixing

-   Loren
    -   ![done.gif](/twiki/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/done.gif)
        -   Fixed some issues in LibrePlan website (some TYPO3 issues not fixed yet)
        -   Minor bugfixing
        -   Played with video edition trying to create a screencast from a Sahi test
    -   ![todo.gif](/twiki/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/todo.gif)
        -   Bugfixing

-   Javichan
    -   ![done.gif](/twiki/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/done.gif)
        -   Answered questions in forums
        -   Publish the new website (reviewed lots of contents)
        -   Tested application for the release
        -   Coordination assigning bugs
        -   Analyzed some tasks related with improve subcontracting system
    -   ![todo.gif](/twiki/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/todo.gif)
        -   Analyze some new KPIs
        -   Test application and report bugs

-   Susana
    -   ![done.gif](/twiki/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/done.gif)
        -   Working on improving subcontracting system (managing deliver date)
    -   ![todo.gif](/twiki/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/todo.gif)
        -   Carry on with the task of improving subcontracting system
        -   Rebase remote branch `subcontracting` against current master

-   Nacho
    -   ![done.gif](/twiki/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/done.gif)
        -   Helped in several tasks for the release: sysadmin and packaging stuff
        -   Worked in the KPIs task
        -   Discovered a solution for printing support issues in Debian Squeeze
    -   ![todo.gif](/twiki/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/todo.gif)
        -   Keep working on KPIs task

-   Jacobo
    -   ![done.gif](/twiki/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/done.gif)
        -   Worked on bugs \#1073 and \#1282 (both related to milestones)
        -   Tested packages
    -   ![todo.gif](/twiki/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/todo.gif)
        -   Bugfixing

-   We discussed about a possible date for the next meeting to update project roadmap for next version. The proposal is arrange it on Wednesday, January 11th at 16:30 CET (GMT +1).

